[DOC] Add note on imaging modality handling (#46)
neurobagel/communities: README.md

Scripts and configuration files that allow Neurobagel subcommunities to define custom standardized vocabularies used among their studies or sites and make them available for use within the Neurobagel tool ecosystem.

>[!NOTE]

> >Imaging modality terms are handled separately from subcommunity configs: the CLI fetches the shared `imaging_modalities.json` file directly from this repository, so generally an imaging modality standardized variable should not be added to a subcommunity `config.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Imaging modality terms are handled separately from subcommunity configs: 
>The `imaging_modalities.json` file is used by all communities, 
>and so we store it only in the Neurobagel community configuration.
>Do not copy this file into a sub-community as it will be ignored.
```
